all right I thought you excited tell her
buddy your name oh she's getting rice
gonna clears throat can you tell me your
name or song say hi say hi be polite
mystery perfect okay let's let's start
off with some animal sounds first you do
Oh got a clear in prose let's do a wolf
good I've got a bird need a bird get
paid an owl get out of that rooster how
about a penguin you do penguin look
Betty penguin for you have a chimpanzee
can you do pigs 15 points sometimes I
get chunky you think they need to go on
a diet my point point oh how about diet
how about the Tigers from the jungle
yeah they growl what about a skunk thank
her okay let's see some sound effects
tune spaceship spaceship at the laser
yeah
you can you fall down there you guys a
little flat and does that hurt maybe can
you whisper okay how about evil thanks
um opera let's keep lifting some opera
there you go can you too oh my god this
is a lot of heart yeah is this a lot of
hard work wear you out but we're not
done yet what do you think go crazy for
anybody can you go crazy go crazy Wow
alright she loves to party so can you
just get down let's get down
breakfast radio can you talk to drink ya
know you don't drink beer you drink
water alright so you have to wait till
later because I have a problem what's
the matter watch my dog can you call the
dogs can hear good job right beside it
out to the dog anyway I don't want this
to be boring you'd be boring yeah well
we all love you we know that you're
famous are you famous yeah what do you
say when it's time to go